~$~verse1                   Rejoice In My weaknesses

2 Corrinth 12: 7-10


7
or because of these surpassingly great revelations.
Therefore, in order to keep me from becoming conceited,
I was given a thorn in my flesh, a messenger of Satan, 
to torment me. 
 
 8 
Three times I pleaded with the Lord to take it away from me.

 9
But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you,
for my power is made perfect in weakness.” 
Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, 
so that Christ’s power may rest on me.

 10
 That is why,
for Christ’s sake, 
I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships,
in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak,
then I am strong.


Everyone has a weakness 
and what matters is the story that we tell ourselves about thorn.
We need to understand that there is a messenger of Satan 
trying to make us have many false stories in our heads about
the same thorn.
There is also the spirit of God who
Is also trying to show us that it's a call for
us to turn to God for wisdom.

Thorns come to strengethen us, to take us out of pride
You don't have to like what's is happening in your life.
You don't have to like your personality.
You don't have to like the people that are in your life.
You don't heve to like the challenge in your life.
What you need to know is that it has to be submitted to the Lord

You don't have to choose your thorn
but you have to choose your story.
God's Grace is always sufficient and we have to 
understand the stories we shoudl be telling ourselves in the
moments when God remains silent

Satan wants to use that silence to plant a seed.
"I don't know if i'll ever be in a loving relationship again!"
"I don't know if i'll ever feel better."
"See God doesn't love you!"
"See God isn't with you"
"See the whole thing is a bunch of fairy tales and myths!"


The Spirit wants to plant a different story in the silence
so that you can be able to know that's where Grace lives

Elijah after doing all the great things through God
stil got downcast upon Jezebel's threats and made him run away.
In the cave he had false stories, that whatever he had gone through was enough.
The same way if we face challenges that make visible our weaknesses 
we tend to think of the negative side of the story, just inline with what 
the messenger of Satan wants us to feel.


Let's learn to listen to the spirit of God who is there ready to remind 
us about God's grace which is always sufficient for us to think 
about victory stories, instead of being downcast.
 

1st Corinthians 1:27

But God chose the foolish things of the world to shame the wise ; 
God chose the weak things of the world to shame the strong

By LKK


#


~$~verse2                   Stories in your head is made!
        
        Lamentation 3 : 1-26

1 I am the man who has seen affliction
    by the rod of the Lord’s wrath.
    
2 He has driven me away and made me walk
    in darkness rather than light;
    
3 indeed, he has turned his hand against me
    again and again, all day long.

4 He has made my skin and my flesh grow old
    and has broken my bones.
    
5 He has besieged me and surrounded me
    with bitterness and hardship.
    
6 He has made me dwell in darkness
    like those long dead.

7 He has walled me in so I cannot escape;
    he has weighed me down with chains.
    
8 Even when I call out or cry for help,
    he shuts out my prayer.
    
9 He has barred my way with blocks of stone;
    he has made my paths crooked.

10 Like a bear lying in wait,
    like a lion in hiding,
    
11 he dragged me from the path and mangled me
    and left me without help.
    
12 He drew his bow
    and made me the target for his arrows.

13 He pierced my heart
    with arrows from his quiver.
    
14 I became the laughingstock of all my people;
    they mock me in song all day long.
    
15 He has filled me with bitter herbs
    and given me gall to drink.

16 He has broken my teeth with gravel;
    he has trampled me in the dust.
    
17 I have been deprived of peace;
    I have forgotten what prosperity is.
    
18 So I say, “My splendor is gone
    and all that I had hoped from the Lord.”

19 I remember my affliction and my wandering,
    the bitterness and the gall.
    
20 I well remember them,
    and my soul is downcast within me.
    
21 Yet this I call to mind
    and therefore I have hope:

22 Because of the Lord’s great love we are not consumed,
    for his compassions never fail.
    
23 They are new every morning;
    great is your faithfulness.
    
24 I say to myself, “The Lord is my portion;
    therefore I will wait for him.”

25 The Lord is good to those whose hope is in him,
    to the one who seeks him;
    
26 it is good to wait quietly

By LKK

#

~$~verse3                   Stuck In Me Mode

2nd Corintthians 9: 
#

~$~verse4                   The Pentecost 

4:35 AM 11/5/2020

Acts 2:



{4. All of them were filled with the Holy spirit and begun to
 speak in other tongues, as the spirit enabled them.}
{10. we hear them declaring wonders of God in our own tongues!}
People referred to apostles as Galileans instead of men of God filled with the Holy spirit.
The Holy Spirit changes us whenever He is in us. 
For the spirit guided them to speak in tongues and it was not from their own influence or
intelligence to speak in foreign language. 
For a normal man (Galilean it requires one to go through school
for him to learn about a foreign language,
thus it takes time for him to understand it and gradually use it) 
The Holy Spirit is a guide that gives us a godly appearance and 
godly influence that is too mighty to be understood by men. 
He confuses those around for they lack the godly influence unless Holy Spirit makes him understand. 
Therefore, they had a clue that the apostles were declaring the wonders of God in their own tongues
 but didn’t understand that the Holy spirit was behind the tongue’s manifestation.
Due to this misunderstanding some of them thought that the apostles were drank
which was absolutely wrong. And peter still under the influence of the Holy Spirit had to explain to them.

Peter and the eleven stood up to explain to the people 
that it was the prophesy of Joel being fulfilled the last days the 
Lord would pour out his Spirit to all His people.
The spirit would help them to prophesy, see visions and dream dreams.
God wanted to show wonders in the last days thus He had to bring 
the spirit to his people so that they could be able to be used to
give the visions about those wonders.

The sun would be turned into darkness and the moon into blood. 
This shows the removal of the light from the world. 
{It’s impossible to see in darkness but I believe that God referred 
to the inner light that men had acquired through the worship of the Lord. 
also the Lamb of God was going to be dazzling enough to light the world once 
more and those who had been given inner eyes to see the great manifestation 
of the Lord on the las day.} And every believer was to be saved.

{But God raised him from the dead, freeing him from the agony of death, 
because it was impossible for death to keep hold of him}. Sometime God brings us 
suffering so that through it we can be able to bring salvation to many people. 
Jesus in God's will he had to die for sometime so that the world could be saved forever. 
We go through difficulty moments in life so that God can use those moments to manifest 
Himself to many that he is still the greatest God who will never 
leave us suffer more but give us victory as He gave Jesus victory over 
death and over the devil leaving him in chains so that the world could 
be set free of the sin which was leading it a stray. The same way God brings 
intentionally trouble to us so that when we come out of them, we are stronger 
and also the time we are still in those troubles He uses us to break strong 
holds and chain more the devil. Finally, He gives us victory over trouble 
and as we rejoice others also rejoice for being set free through our suffering.

{I saw the Lord always before me. Because he was at my right hand, 
I will not be shaken. Therefore, my heart is glad and my tongue rejoices; 
my body will also live-in hope, because He will not abandon me to the 
grave nor will you let your Holy one see decay. 
You have made known to me the paths of life; you will fill me with your joy in your presence.} 

Paths of life (here there are the happy moments that we go through in life and the sad moments, 
but the emphasis is in the moments which make us learn some important things about 
the greatness of God. Moments that act as blueprints in the strengthening our faith in God. 
Paths are ways which lead us into life and not into sin.

 {psalms chapter 1: blessed the man who does not stand in the paths of sinners.} 
 
Also psalms  {23:4 Even when i walk through the shadow of the valley 
of death i will fear no evil for you are with me your road and your staff 
they comfort me} 

Here again it talks about a way/path, 
things that we go through in life whereby sometimes they evoke 
fear in us and make us think that God never exists but when we remember 
that he will not leave us to the grave then we find out that it’s just 
something we are going through so that God can do manifest Himself in us.

God fulfills His promises to us. As He had promised David that He would 
rise one of His descendants as a King and He did raise Jesus at His right hand. 
And Jesus received the Holy Spirit promised by the father and poured it to his people. 
God will make our enemies our foot stool. The people accepted and Peter advised 
them to repent and be baptized as well as freeing themselves from the corrupt world.

The believers devoted themselves, did everything in common(unity), 
Sold their possessions to help the needy, met daily to break the bread 
(share the word together) and enjoyed the fever of all people and God increased their number.
 
Acts 4: 11 He is the stone that you builders rejected and hs become the capstone.


#
 
 
~$~verse5                   RESTORATION 

10:27 PM 6/13/2020



Isaiah chapter 49-51

49  Restoration of israel.

verse 8
I will keep you and make you to be a covenant for the people to 
restore the land and to reassign its desolate inheritances to say 
to the captives come out and those in darkness be free
They will feed besides the roads and find pasture on every barren hill. 
They will neither hunger nor thirst nor will the desert heat beat upon them. 
He who has compassion on them will guide them and lead them beside springs of water. 
I will turn all my mountains into roads and my highways will be raised. 
See they will come from afar-some from north , some from west some from the region Aswan.

verse 15
Can a mother forget the baby at her breast and have no campassion on the child she has borne?
Though she may forget ,I will not forget you!
See i have engraved you on the palms of my hands and your walls are ever before me. 


Restoration by the Lord requires only our attention and our knees on the ground. 
He will do anything we want by turning whatever we have into something greater 
than before we dont need to go searching. (I will turn all the mountains into 
raods and highways will be raised. 
Meaning whatever is there will be transformed into a greater standard) 
God will never send us to far places to receive our blessings.His blessings 
are priceless and can bless anyone after Him. Find pasture on every barren hill
(He will awaken whatever was not yielding to start giving fruits in ourlives.) 
He is always there for us and ready to help us.

4:31 AM 6/16/2020

psalms 68: 22 
The Lord says ,"I will bring them from Bashan; 
I will bring them from the depths of the sea that you may plunge your feet in 
the blood of your foes, while tongues of your dogs have there share."

Deutronomy 7:22
And the Lord your God will clear out those nations 
before you little by little;you may not consume them 
quickly lest the beasts of the field increase among you.

#

~$~verse6                   Happiness in Christ

Proverbs: 15:15
All the days of the oppressed are wretched, 
but a cheerful heart has a continual feast. 

#
 
~$~verse7                   Sexual Purity

Casual sex

Which one among these two do you prefer?
Letting the Scripture form  the story between you and your partner? 
Or Letting the story between you and your partner determine how you
interpret the Scripture?

Just posing another question to you! Sorry for my many questions.
Why is there tolerance in everything else but abstinence when it comes to sex?

Great sex requires great love.

Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it's one of the best." 

#

~$~verse8                   God Knows When
psalms 126 :1-6

1 When the Lord turned back the captivity of zion,
we were like them that dreamed.

2 Our mouths were filled with laughter, our tongues
with songs of joy.Then it was said among the nations, 
"The LORD has done great things for them."

3 The LORD has done great things for us, and we are filled
with joy

4 Restore our fortunes , O LORD like stream Negev

5 Those who sow in tears will reap in songs of joy.

6 He who goes  weeping carrying seed to sow, will return with
songs of joy, carrying sheaves with him.


Reveletion 2 :7-10

#

~$~verse9                   INFLECTION POINT

Inflection point is a point hat breaks the routine and the pattern of 
life.  It's a point of signficant channge in our lifes.


Judges 16: 20- 28

God gives us strength that is not visible
Wherever we get in life, we don't get there by ourselves
Samson was strng and week. His story is complicated and the phistines 
could not understand it well.
He had moments of power and moments of strength.
Samson's life was full of ups and downs.
Peeople have patterns and the best predictions of futere behavior is 
the past experience
Samson was strong in war and weak in relationships
The enemy cannot use anything new becaus he is not a creator.
Samason chose an emeny as his wife.
The enemy will easily attack you when you have a pattern.
You must know the pattern so that you can see what has to be broken 
so that things can change.
Shake yourself loose from your pattern.
When God is ready to change your story, no one will stand against it.


#
~$~vers10                   THE LAST NIGHT IN EGYPT

Isiah 54 :7

No weapon forged against you shall prevail, 
and you will refute every tongue that accuses you. 
This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, 
and this is their vindication from me, declares the LORD.

If you cannot transform your pain then you will continually transmit it.
God does not want only to fix your life, He wants to make your life whole.

#

~$~vers11                   A Gift to the Giver

You can all thrive in the environment  that you were created in.
God so loved the world  that He gave His onlyy begotten son (John 3:16)
Genesis 6 (For God so loved His son that he gave him  the world.

#

~$~vers12                   Lets reason together

Isaih 1:18

Come now, let us reason together," says the Lord.
 "Though your sins are like scarlet,
  they shall be white as snow; 
  though they are red as crimson, they shall be like wool."

#

~$~vers13                   God Goes Undercover
28/12/2021

by Td Jakes
 


Luke 1 31-35
The Devil makes sure that there is always something you,
can accues yourself of.
God hides important things from us so that He can 
reveal them at the appointed time only.

Genesis 3 15

Stop talking about what you are going through and
start talking about what you are going to.
You cannot run forward looking back.
God is evrywhere.
God comes undercover in the storm. Sometime we fail to recognize Him.
Just like the desciples at the 
time when jesus walked on water and they said it was a gost.

What you are going through now is God in disguise.
The lightning is flashing the thunder is erupting 
the boat is toased to and fro and there ain't a demon nowhere
it's all God.
It was not storm that Jesus rebuked, it is not a demon, 
it is not a witch. This means that the sometime the greatest 
manifestation of God in your life is your storm.
I am the same God that that feeds you on sunday, even if you go 
through trouble on monday and i don't look like what
you heard on sunday.
Iam going to do what you heard on sunday through the trouble that  
you are going through on monday.
His hand is a present help in trouble.
You are not going to drown on it.
God is right in the trouble with you.
If you avoid the trouble you will miss God.
The storm is what raises believers.
Ther is not a storm in your life that God is not with you.
He will make your storm serve His purpose.
God does not give us everything that we ask
for but he gives us what we need.
Accepting where we are is what brings peace. That we 
are right and where we are surpossed to be, what what we are 
surpossed to do. 
Not about whether it works or not. Because even if what I am doing 
does not work it still works.
The only thing that atters is not the lightning or the thunder, it's  
His  presence that matters.

#
~$~vers14                   The Riddle

31/12/2021 



Judges 14
Samson takes a long time to know people.
When people say the right thing does not necessarily
mean  they have the right motive.
If you intellectualized life you will be frustrated.

------Line by shakespear in macbeth--- 
       -----life is a tale told by an idiot full of sound and 
       -----theory signifying nothing.

In the middle of confusion Samson still had lions to fight.
They could not wait for himcom to figure things out first.
Jeremiah 29:11
    In the midst of all chaos and confusion in this meaningless life 
    is God's promise of the expected end.
Kill the thing or it will kill you.
It's is better to be a live dog than a dead lion.

#

~$~vers15                   In The Beginning.

02/01/2022 



God is the Beginning of everything is God.
God tells Moses of his ancestory, meaning He was God to Moses's
History and Moses's current Life.
God is the alfa and omega.
Going back further and further you will find God.
Going foorwardfurthe and further you will still find God.
God can step into nothing and start something.
God is God and Complete within himself.
God knows to operate in the middle of Chaos.
(My strength is made perfect in weakness.)
If God steps into a situation all the darkness has to cease.
When God starts setting order in your life you start setting
boundaries to people.
God kept you alive for a reason.
God is the author and finisher of my faith.
Psalm 23:7
  Surely goodness and mercy shall follow you all the days of your
   life 
Don't do things to serve yourself/ for selfish prupose
Alway spurpose to serve God
If you don't change your motives, you will have same things always.
You have to be a real person to challenge your own dream.
->To fix your why
Out of the heart flows the issues of life.
Anytime your try to put something according  to your flesh 
your motives are not right.
Are you going to endure the process or are you just attracted 
to the promise
     Everybody wants to go to heaven but no wants to die
     Everybody wants to harvest but no one wants to sow
I raise Him for challenges.
Nothing can scare for I have been there, suffered, cried 
struggled and stayed stronger in Christ.

#

~$~vers16                   A MOMMENT LIKE THIS

10/01/2022 



Mathew 21: 1-11

The time i figured out what is life about it was time to go.
Life is not coomposed of minutes, seconds or hours but it's
composed of moments.
We don't remember seconds, minutes or hours but we remember moments
One moment of life can leave you crippled for years.
One moment of your can change your entire life.
If you cn give anybody a moment then give them moments that can
last in the rest of their lives.
Moments describe who we are and how we are.
Sometime you have to be intentional about moments.
step in and make some moments happen
When God gets ready to fulfil a prophecy He is intentional
Jesus plans before the triumph entry into Jerusalem
riding on a horse
God tells the desciples that He has a provision that is not in there path
The provision is away but still theirs.
For every blessing your life there is a blessing.

Don't waste time trying to change your haters.
You need to exercise your discernment.

#

~$~vers17                   Enjoyment in Christ

20/01/2022 



proverbs 15:15-

All days of the oppressed are wretched but 
a cheerful heart has a continual feast.

The rejection is an indication of selection.
You are ignored because its an area you are inexperienced.
If you had experience then you would not need faith.
God is going to bring you to an arena where people don't even
know who you are.
No body can robe you when you move away from what you do and start 
producing what you are. Not even death.
You never have to struggle to be what you are.
When you are something you never have to fight for it because 
you are just it.
#

~$~vers18                   The Unexpected

2022-01-22 19:23:38  




The door opening God is going to do the unexpected.
We have hurricanes where we used to have sunshine.
We have ice where we used to have heat and heat where 
we use to have ice.
All the absolutes are being changed.
"Things like, If you got enough studies you can be  guilty and not 
go jail.
If you don't have enough studies you can be innocent
and still go to jail."
("These make us confused about what to tell our children to expect")



Acts 3 :1-7
#

~$~vers19                   Pain

Pain is a sign that you are Alive. 
Problem is a sign that you are strong.
 Prayer is a sign that you are not alone.
When we put our cares in God's hands ;
 He puts His Peacein our hearts.
 
 You will always smell the place you have been.
 Be in the presence of God and God's manifestation will
 be your smell.

#
~$~vers20                   We Need an Epiphamy
2022-02-09 06:59:26 


Luke 15:11-

The story of the prodigal son.

There are moments in life that we come to ourselves 
and tell ourselves that we are going to rise.

Mathew 2:8


By TD JAKES
#

~$~vers21                   Succession In.

2022-02-10 07:14:40 



Succession is mandatory, in that it must 
happen.No man lives forever. 
Leadership may change but vision may stay the same.
It's wise for the current leaders to see the visions
shown by God and relay them to their successors.
God may show a leader a vision but not allow him/her to 
experience it, like Joshua experienced what Moses saw as a vision.

By J.Blest
#

~$~vers22                   Book Of Habakkuk



#

~$~vers23                   Psalms 91:



He who dwells in the secret place of the MOST HIGH,
Shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.

I will say of the Lord,"He is my refuge  and my fortress; My God in Him I will trust.

Surely He shall deliver from  the snare of the fowler
And from the perilous pestilence.

He will cover you with His Feathers and under His wings 
you will find refuge, His faithfulness will be your shield 
and rampart.
You will not fear the terror of the night, nor that the arrow that flies by day.

Nor the pestilence that that walks in darkness.
Nor the destruction that lays waste at noonday.

A thousand might fall at your side
And ten thousand at your right hand
But  it shall not come near you

Only with your eyes shall look
And see the reward of the wicked

Because you have made the Lord, who is my refuge 
Even the MOST HIGH your dwelling place


#

~$~vers24                   Introspective Negotiation :

2022-05-07 13:01:54 
DISCUSSION PAPERS ON DIPLOMACY
SCRIPTURAL DIPLOMACY

By Costas M. Constantinou


Some referenced text.


James Der Derian , 1987 : 

" Diplomacy is the mediation of estrangement; where
estrangement(withdrawal, disaffection,alienation, separation resulting from hostility.) includes not only alienation from other people and other cultures, but also from one's labour, the environment and god(s).

Definition:
Encapsulate (enclosing as in capsule)



 Torkom Saraydarian :

Way of mediating conflict and estrangement: 

(" Know yourself, and know other people,
 and know God and know that all three are one and not separate.")
 
 
Richard Sidy:

(" Diplomacy is beyond personal or national gain or loss. Diplomacy is the process of understanding Divine Will.")

Definition :

Holistic (meaning): 
Emphasizing the organic or functional 
relation between parts and the whole.

Introspect (meaning) :
Looking within, self-contemplation
Contemplation of your own thoughts, desires and conducts.



#

~$~vers25                   Faith

2022-05-16 06:11:16 



Heb 11:7

By Faith Noah when warned against things not,
seen, in holy fear built an ark to save his family,
By his faith he condemned the world and became heir of
righteousness that comes after faith.

-------Comment --------
We should have faith in God and also Holy fear that will
help listen to the warnings that God 
shows us and that will help us save others as Noah was able 
to save his family by listening to what the Lord said concerning
the future.

2022-05-17 06:57:30 
Heb 11:30

By faith the walls of Jericho fell, after the people had
matched around them for seven days.
By faith  the prostitute Rahab, because she welcomed the spies
was not killed together with those who were disobedient.
 
#

~$~vers26                   THE TOWER OF BABEL



Nimrod roposed the building of the tower so that they could secure a name without even an eternal covenant.


People feared being split into different groupd by the Lord;
 and they decided to build the the Tower of babel so that
they could be unoified in such a way that the Lord wouldn't seperate.
The Lord saw their plan and He went a head to devide then into different 
language groups.

Genesis 10: 8 -10

8 Cush was the father[c] of Nimrod, who became a mighty warrior on the earth.
9 He was a mighty hunter before the Lord; that is why it is said, “Like Nimrod, a mighty hunter before the Lord.” 
10 The first centers of his kingdom were Babylon, Uruk, Akkad and Kalneh, in[d] Shinar.

Nimrod is said to the one  who invoked the whole plan of the 
tower of babel.

Early Jewish and Christian traditions reported that Nimrod built the
Tower of Babel, referred to as a pagan temple, in an attempt to
contact heaven.

The building of the tower was undertaken when the people discovered an
important new technology—oven-baked bricks. Ordinary mud bricks, baked in the sun, could be used to build only to a limited height or they
would crumble under the stress. But bricks baked in an oven could be
stacked quite high; the temple towers at Babylon were 91 meters high.
In the Bible, bricks are mentioned only in connection with this tower,
pharaoh’s buildings, and idolatrous altars see
				   ( 			Gen. 11:3;
				 				Ex. 1:14;
								Ex. 5:7, 14, 16; 
								Isa. 65:3
					).


 
Also they wanted to build the tower so that they could gain a name for
themselves.

Further, the word Babel in Hebrew is the same word translated
elsewhere in the Old Testament as “Babylon.” Thus, in biblical terms,
the people in this story were building Babylon—a city that has come to
represent the world or worldliness (seeD&C 1:16).
					Doctrine and Covenants 1:16
					Doctrine and Covenants

				16  They seek not the Lord to establish his
					righteousness, but every man walketh in his own
					way, and after the image of his own god, whose
					image is in the likeness of the world, and
				    whose substance is that of an idol, which
				    waxeth old and shall perish in Babylon, even
		    	    Babylon the great, which shall fall.

 From Shem to Abram
 	Shem -> Arphaxad ->Shelah -> Eber -> Peleg -> Reu -> Serug -> Nahor -> Terah;
 	 Became the father of Abram , Nahor and Haran.
 	 
 	 The call of Abram:
 	 
 Genesis 15:
 	
 	1. After this, the word of the Lord came to Abram in a vision; 
 	"Do not be afraid, Abram I am your shield, your very great reward".
 		
 		God promises Abram that his own son will become his heir.
 		Abram's offsprings would be like the stars of the sky.
 		
 		Abram believed in the and credited it to him as righteousness.
 		
 		Abram asks for a sign from the Lord and he is told to bring,
		 		a heifer
		 		a goat 
		 		a ram
		each three years old and a dove and young pigeon along.
		
		Abram brought them all to the Lord and cut  them into halves and
		arranged the halves opposite each other.
		The birds he did not cut into halves.
		Then Abram fell int a deep sleep and a thick dark cloud came over him.
		
			God told him of his descendants being slaves in a strange land 
			and mistreated for four hundred years.
			But i will punish the nation that enslaves them and they willl come out with
			great possesion.
#
~$~vers26                   NO TURNING BACK 


God will always fullfil whatever that he has promised

Gen 24:6

"Make sure you don't take my son back there."

Gen 24:7
"The LORD, the God in heaven, who brought me out of my father's ousehold and my native land 
and spoke to me and promised me an oath, saying," To your offspring I will give this land'-he
will send an angel before you so that you can get a wife for my son from there.
If the woman  is unwilling to come from there then you will be released from this oath of mine.
Only do not tak emy son back there."

Gen 24:8
So the servant put his hand under the thigh of of his master Abraham and swore an 
oath to him concerning this matter.

Gen 24: 33
The food was set before him, nut he said , " I will not eat untill I have told you 
what I have to say." "Then tell us," Laban said.

This verse emphasises on prioritizing things/duties so that we can always have
a certain order of accomplishing them. The urgent done first, then the rest 
follow in the same order of importance.

Let's endeavor to always do the important things first so that we don't forget.
For the same thing was done by Abraham's servant, he made sure that he was done 
with whatever business that had taken him to Nahor before even eating.
Sometimes we do other errands first and end up forgetting the things that we were 
actually called for.

How to introduce someone to other people

Gen 24:33
So he said, " Iam Abraham's servant. The LORD has blessed my master abundantly, 
and he has become wealthy. He has given him sheep and cattle, silver, and gold,
menservants and maidservants and camels and donkeys.

Say good things about others, unless witnessing in a court of law.

#
~$~vers27                   PERSONAL EXPERIENCE WITH CHRIST :



    John 4:42

    They said to the woman, "We no longer believe just because of what you said;
    now we believe because we have heard for ourselves, and now we know that
    this man is really the savior of the world."

    We should do all that we can so that we can strength the personal 
    relationship with Christ for He is everything that we need.

    NEVER WAIT FOR MIRACLES TO BELIEVE 

    John 4:48

    Unless you people see miraclous signs and wonders," Jesus told him,
    "You will never believe."

    John 4:49

    The royal official said,"Sir, come down before my child dies."

    John 4: 50
    Jesus replied,"You may go, your son will live." The man took Jesus at his word
    and departed.

    John 4:51

    while he was still on the way his servants met him with the news that his boy
    was living.

#

~$~vers28                   FULL ARMOR OF GOD



Eph 6: 11-

#

~$~vers29                   PRAYER 

Mark 11:

    20

        In the morning as they went along, they saw the fig tree withered from the roots
    21
        Peter rembered and said to Jesus, "Rabbi, look! The fig tree you cursed 
        has withered."
    22
        "Have Faith in God," Jesus answered.

    23
        "I tell you the truth, if anyone says to this mountain, "Go throw yourself into the sea,' 
        and does not doubt in his heart but believes that what he says will happen, it will be done 
        for him.

    24
        Therefore I tell you that whatever you ask in prayer, believe that you have received it, 
        and it will be yours.
    25
         And when you stand praying, if you hold anything against  anyone,forgive him
         so that your father in heaven may forgive your sins.

    Let's pray with pure hearts, with great faith that whatever we are asking for will be given
    unto us.
    Forgive one another and embrace humility for we are all sinners before the Lord.

    Read the Scripture so that our deeds can be guided by it.

    Mark 12:
        Jesus responds to the question about the law of Moses that allowed a widow to be 
        married by the husband's brother successively but incase of death of all those 
        successive husbands, who will be considered as the husband to the widow at the day of
        judgement.


        Mark 12 :24
             (AMP)
             Jesus said to them, Is not this where you wander out of the way and go wrong,
             because you know neither the scriptures nor the power of God?

        We need to understand the word and know who really God is, this will help us
        and make us not to make wrong judgement on  the things that affect us in life. 

        God is the Lord of the living.
        In the account of Moses and the burning bush, God said to Moses that he was God 
        of Abraham,Isaac and Jacob.

        Mark 12 :34
            To love him with all your heart, with all your understanding and with all your strength,
            and love your neighbor as you love yourself is more important than all burnt offerings 
            and sacrifices.

        Mark 13 
        :36
            If he comes suddenly do not let him find you sleeping.

        37
            What I say to  you I say to everyone, "Watch!"


    -> ANSWER ME:
    Psalms 4:1
            Answer me when I call to you. O my righteousness God. Give me relief over my distress;
            Be merciful to me and hear my prayer.

           4:3 
            Know that the Lord has set a part the godly, for himself.

            God determines everything in lives. We should surrender it all to him so that he can help us.
            We should call for His hand to hold us wherever we go.

#




~$~vers30                   Prayer Requests




1. Plan on how to use money.
2. God go ahead of me in my studies.
3. Journey mercies back school.
4. Leadership wisdom from God( I want to surrender it all to God)
5. Mum to be saved and healed.
6. Mlaleo Youth to be more active.
7. Prayer for friends.
8. Guidance while buying clothes and the whole planning process.
9. surrender it all to God escpecially on relationship issues.
10. Prayer for literature committee.
11. God help me lead a life of always having communion with you.
12. Accepting the reality even if it's about losing.
13. Balancing both Leadership and studies.
14. Make wise decisions.



#

~$~vers31                   Morning Devotion



Rev 3 

Rev 3:2 - 3
Wake up strengthen what remains and is about to die, for I have not 
found your deeds complete in the sight of God.

Remember, therefore , what you have received and heard; obey it and repent.
But if you do not wake up, I will come like a thief, and you will not know
at what time I will come to you.

Rev 3: 7 
To the angel of the church of Philedelphia write; These are the words of him who is holy 
and true who holds the key of David. What he opens no one can shut, and what he shuts no
one can open.

I know your deeds. See I have placed before you an open door that no one can shut. 
I know that you have a little strength, yet you have kept my word and have not denied 
my name.


Rev 3 : 11

I am coming soon. Hold on to what you have, so that no one will take your crown.

Rev 3:  20 Here I am ! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears the voice and 
my voice opens the door, I will come and eat with him, and he with me.

#





